---
layout: post
title:  "Mac上PETSc安装问题"
date:   2019-07-12 10:22
categories: 技术文档
tags: Mac PETSc
---

#Mac上PETSc安装问题

##安装流程

1. Download and install MPICH.

2. Download and unzip/untar the PETSc package to /usr/local/petsc/ (or wherever you want to put PETSc). Unzip/untar the download from /usr/local/petsc/ as follows: 

   `sudo gunzip -c petsc.tar.gz | sudo tar -xof -` 

3. Set the PETSC_DIR and PETSC_ARCH environmental variables. This can be done by adding the following lines to `~/.bash_profile` 

   `set environmental variables for PETSc`

   `export PETSC_DIR=/usr/local/petsc/petsc-x.xx.x/`

   `export PETSC_ARCH=arch-darwin-c-opt`

   Don't forget to `source ~/.bash_profile` after making the change.

4. From within the PETSc directory, run the configure script with flags to use gcc, g++, f77, and the BLAS and LAPACK libraries included in Apple's vecLib: 

   `sudo python ./config/configure.py --with-blas-lapack-lib="-framework accelerate" --with-mpi-dir=/usr/local/opt/mpich` 

5. Build with the debug C++/gfortran target and run the test script: 

   `sudo make BOPT=g_c++sudo make BOPT=g_c++ test` 

6. Build and test with whatever other targets you want, e.g. the optimized C++/gfortran target `BOPT=O_c++`, the debug C/gfortran target `BOPT=g`, or the optimized C/gfortran target `BOPT=O`. 



## 注意事项

blas和lapack库包含在OS X的Accelerate Framework中，所以无需另外安装blas和lapack库。



---

##pyhyp安装

这样安装貌似pyhyp用不了，没有`petscvec.h90`文件，只有`petscvec.h`文件。重新按照pyhyp的方法安装试试。

`sudo ./configure --with-shared-libraries --download-superlu_dist=yes --download-parmetis=yes --download-metis=yes --with-fortran-interfaces=1 --with-debuggig=no --with-scalar-type=real --with-cxx-dialect=C++11 --PETSC_ARCH=real-opt`



Mac上最简单的安装方法是直接`brew install petsc`。



PETSc v3.8以后，不再需要在fortran文件中include任何.h90文件了，

For each Fortran function (and main) use the following

```fortran
subroutine mysubroutine(.....)
#include <petsc/finclude/petscxxx.h>
use petscxxx
implicit none
```

make之前，需要在config.mk中设置`CGNS_VERSION_FLAG`，默认没有给值，会导致编译又问题，提示找不到`cgnslib_h.f`。解决办法为设置flag的值：`CGNS_VERSION_FLAG=-DUSECGNSMODULE`。



Instead of `PETSC_NULL_OBJECT` you must pass `PETSC_NULL_XXX` (for example `PETSC_NULL_VEC`) using the specific object type XXX that the function call is expecting.

---

[Installing PETSc 2.2.1 on Mac OS X 10.3](https://scorec.rpi.edu/~littld/osx_petsc_2.2.1.html)

[BOPT related](<https://www.mcs.anl.gov/petsc/petsc-2.2.0/docs/installation.html>)

[Compile Fortran source with Accelerate Framework (LAPACK and BLAS)](<http://www.howtobuildsoftware.com/index.php/how-do/jnw/osx-makefile-frameworks-fortran-compile-fortran-source-with-accelerate-framework-lapack-and-blas-duplicate>)

[Installing on Mac OS X Lion](<http://icl.cs.utk.edu/lapack-forum/viewtopic.php?t=3109>)

[Linking LAPACK in Fortran on Mac OS X](<https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19726193/linking-lapack-in-fortran-on-mac-os-x>)

